[SSL] Fix extra character in diagram and improve descriptions (#8109)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/reference/validation-backoff-schedule.md

now() + min((floor(60 * pow(1.05, retry_attempt)) * INTERVAL '1 second'), INTERVAL '4 hours')
```

> As the table below shows, most of the checks take place on the first day. Most validations complete within the first 5 minutes, unless the customer has misconfigured the CNAME to your domain. We cap the check backoff to a maximum of 4 hours to avoid the function growing exponentially, which would result in large gaps between checks towards the end of the month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the table below shows, most of the checks take place on the first day. Most validations complete within the first five minutes, unless the customer has misconfigured the CNAME to your domain. We cap the check backoff to a maximum of four hours to avoid the function growing exponentially, which would result in large gaps between checks towards the end of the month.
```

Author: Thanks for fixing it. From what I could see, SSL/TLS tile actually has lots of inconsistencies with our Style Guide - will add a note to check for numbers as well on the maintenance ticket I created (PCX-6247)
